FEA Add `TextEncoder` (#1077)
skrub-data/skrub: doc/encoding.rst

       Similarity encoding for learning with dirty categorical variables. 2018.
       Machine Learning journal, Springer.

Encoding text with diverse entries
----------------------------------

> When it comes to encoding text with diverse entries, large language models

Reviewer: "large language model" might have users thinking "i can't run this on my machine", maybe insist on the fact that there are language models of all shapes and sizes on the hugging face hub and that now thanks to skrub you can plug any of them in a scikit-learn pipeline for tabular data

       Similarity encoding for learning with dirty categorical variables. 2018.
       Machine Learning journal, Springer.

Encoding text with diverse entries
----------------------------------

When encoding strings with diverse entries and large chunks of text, we can leverage
language models of various sizes to represent string columns as embeddings.
Depending on the task and dataset, this approach may lead to significant performance

> improvements, albeit with potential increases in memory usage and latency.

Reviewer: maybe "computation time" rather than "latency"?

> Depending on the task and dataset, this approach may lead to significant performance
> improvements, albeit with potential increases in memory usage and computation time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the task and dataset, this approach may lead to significant improvements
in the quality of predictions, albeit with potential increases in memory usage and computation time.
```

nitpick: "performance" is often understood to mean "computation time"
